# Coding4Kids
Web-app for the coding4kids site

To deploy changes:
make sure you have angular cli installed. any changes to the AngularProject will need to be built by running:
ng build

This will create a dist folder in AngularProject. Delete the previous one outside of this folder and then replace it with the newly generated one.

To generate documentation
run this inside AngularProject folder:
compodoc -p tsconfig.doc.json -s

Link to site: https://coding-4-kids-qariq.ondigitalocean.app/

RELEASE NOTES FOR CODING MILESTONE 1
For milestone 1, we have implemented a login page that prompts the user for their username and password, if they do not already have an account it also allows for a user to create one. The password information is hashed and salted for security. 
Once logged in, the user will see the Coding4Kids dashboard where they are able to "Start Next Lesson" by clicking the Start button in the middle of the screen. This route will allow the user to navigate through Lesson 1 through clicking the next button. Halfway through the lesson, there is a prompt that asks the user if they have heard of coding before, the user can click one of the choices: Yes, No, or I'm not sure. Then they can click next and continue with the lesson. Once the lesson is completed, the user can take Quiz 1 which is a 3 question quiz. If the user chooses the correct answer, they see "Correct :)". If they do not choose the correct answer choice, they see "Incorrect :(". Once the user answers the question, they can click the "Next Question button" that will lead them to the next question. At the end of the Quiz, the user sees how many questions they got correct. If the users gets 3/3 questions on the quiz correct, then they see a "Next Lesson" button where they will be able to navigate to future Lessons. If the user gets less than 3 questions correct, then they are prompted to "Repeat the Quiz" where they can retake the quiz. The user must get all questions on the quiz correct to proceed to the Next Lesson. The next lesson is not currently added to the site so right now the "Next Lesson" button does not do anything. By navigating to the upper-left hand corner of the site, the user will be able to see links to the Lessons and Dashboard page. Currently this function does not link to a Lessons page but it does lead you back to the Dashboard with the Dashboard link. 
For this milestone, with the content of Lesson 1 we thought it was best to only have 1 interactive Quiz, but make that Quiz 3 questions long. Everything else for Milestone 1 we were able to accomplish. 

RELEASE NOTES FOR CODING MILESTONE 2: For milestone 2, we have implemented a tracking feature which is used to track student’s progress with the lessons and quizzes. So, each time that the user logs in with their username and password, they can continue with the next lesson that they are on, and their progress is saved. If a student scores 80% or above on a quiz, they can complete that quiz and lesson and move on to the next one. We also can track the amount of time a user spends on a certain quiz, and in a future milestone we will add the activity that the user spends the most time on and link it in the “Favorite Activity” page. We also added Lesson 2 and Lesson 3 to our application. Lesson 2 introduces the concept of variables and Lesson 3 is where students will be able to learn and write their first Java “Hello, World!” program. For Lesson 2, we are looking to make this lesson more visually interactive by adding some graphics to illustrate what is going on in the lesson. Also, in this milestone we have created and added our Coding4Kids web application mascot which is a giraffe. 

RELEASE NOTES FOR CODING MILESTONE 3: For milestone 3, we have added another lesson and quiz so that 75% of our lessons for this project are complete. We also refined and completed our progress page which includes our tracking system for our site. This tracking system keeps track of the amount of minutes that a student spends on each lesson, and their most recent scores for each quiz. This tracking function is important so that students and parents are able to track progress and assess which lessons may need extra practice. We also added a section on this page for the students "Favorite activity". This displays the lesson that the student has spent the most amount of time on. For this milestone, we also updated our styling of our dashboard and lessons to be more aligned with the "Safari Theme", and we also added more graphics. 

RELEASE NOTES FOR CODING MILESTONE 4: For milestone 4, we added two more lessons and quizzes, so that our lessons for this project are 100% complete. These lessons comprise of: an introduction to Java, what variables are, how to write your first Java program, all about if/else statements, all about looping (while, do-while, for loops), and what arrays are and how to use them. Also the functionality of our lessons page was improved, so that students can access any lesson from the Lessons page, and the application allows them to continue at the next lesson and saves their progress after they logout of the application. 
